NAME
	YKDarwin - LabVIEW driver for YOKAGAWA DARWIN Data Acquisition Unit.

SYNOPSIS
	VIs have a prefix 'YKDarwin'.

DESCRIPTION
	Created from a completely new concept that is based on modular
	architecture, the group of next generation's data acquisition system
	is called DARWIN (Data Acquisition and Recording Windows).
	DARWIN has three effective command modes, operation, setup, and
	calibration.
	This driver has the base VIs for DARWIN series.

SETTING A CHANNEL
	'Channel' is expressed as shown below in three characters, unit
	number, slot number, and number in slot.
	'Channel String' is expressed with 'Channel' or range of channels. 
	If the same setting is to be done for subsequent channels, it can be
	achieved by connecting channels with a "-" (minus sign). However,
	channels that can be set subsequently are effective only in the same
	unit.
	For specifying subsequent channels, the channels must all be in a
	module that can be recognized by the DARWIN.

	The Computation Channel is effective only with optional computation
	functions or a floppy disk drive. The Computation Channel is
	expressed as shown three characters, large `A' and computation
	number.

FILES
	YKDarwin.LLB
		Library of VIs
	YKDarwin.TXT
		this file
	Dir.mnu
		Top Menu
	CfgCalib.mnu
		Menu of Configure VIs on Calibration Mode VIs
	CfgOpe.mnu
		Menu of Configure VIs on Operation Mode VIs
	CfgSetup.mnu
		Menu of Configure VIs on Setup Mode VIs
	AcStat.mnu
<		Menu of Status or Action VIs
	ActCalib.mnu
		Menu of Action on Calibration Mode VIs
	Applic.mnu
		Menu of Getting Started and Applications VIs
	DatCalib.mnu
		Menu of Data on Calibration Mode VIs
	DatOpe.mnu
		Menu of Data on Operation Mode VIs
	DatSetup.mnu
		Menu of Data on Setup Mode VIs
	Util.mnu
		Menu of Utility VIs
	UtilAnal.mnu
		Menu of Data Analyze Utility VIs
	UtilCh.mnu
		Menu of Channel Utility VIs

VIS
	YKDarwin VI Tree.vi
		This VI shows all of the VI's icons.

	[Initialize Functions]
	YKDarwin Initialize.vi
		This VI passes the addressing information in the instrument
		decriptor to the Instr Open VI and returns the instrument ID.
		You can optionally reset the instrument by setting the front
		panel reset control. You must run this VI before using any of
		the instrument driver VIs for this instrument.

		Note:
		ID Query is not supported.
		The instrument is connected with no Handshake if you
		specified serial(RS-232C).

	[Configure Functions]
	YKDarwin Config Range Skip.vi
		This VI sets the range to SKIP. Channels set to SKIP are not
		measured.
		The effective command mode is operation mode.
		See also: Command "SR".
	YKDarwin Config Range Voltage.vi
		This VI sets the range in the case of scaling voltage.
		Span and scaling is omitted if the left value equals the right
		value. When span is omitted, the value is kept, or, it changes
		to the value of selected difference range.
		The effective command mode is operation mode.
		See also: Command "SR".
	YKDarwin Config Range Thermocouple.vi
		This VI sets the range in the case of scaling thermocouple.
		Span and scaling is omitted if the left value equals the right
		value. When span is omitted, the value is kept, or, it changes
		to the value of selected difference range.
		The effective command mode is operation mode.
		See also: Command "SR".
	YKDarwin Config Range RTD.vi
		This VI sets the range in the case of scaling RTD(resistance
		temperature detector).
		Span and scaling is omitted if the left value equals the right
		value. When span is omitted, the value is kept, or, it changes
		to the value of selected difference range.
		The effective command mode is operation mode.
		See also: Command "SR".
	YKDarwin Config Range Contact.vi
		This VI sets the range in the case of scaling contact input.
		Span and scaling is omitted if the left value equals the right
		value. When span is omitted, the value is kept, or, it changes
		to the value of selected difference range.
		The effective command mode is operation mode.
		See also: Command "SR".
	YKDarwin Config Range DELTA.vi
		This VI sets DELTA(difference between channels).
		Span is omitted if the left value equals the right
		value. When span is omitted, the value is kept, or, it changes
		to the value of selected difference range.
		The effective command mode is operation mode.
		See also: Command "SR".
	YKDarwin Config Scaling Unit.vi
		This VI sets the scaling unit.
		When unit character is NULL, the value is kept.
		The effective command mode is operation mode.
		See also: Command "SN".
	YKDarwin Config Alarm.vi
		This VI sets the alarm.
		The effective command mode is operation mode.
		See also: Command "SA".
	YKDarwin Config Moving.vi
		This VI sets the moving average.
		The effective command mode is operation mode.
		See also: Command "SV".
	YKDarwin Config Copy.vi
		This VI sets how to copy the channel setting parameters
		between channels.
		The effective command mode is operation mode.
		See also: Command "SY".
	YKDarwin Config Date Time.vi
		This VI sets current time from the system.
		The effective command mode is operation mode.
		See also: Command "SD".
	YKDarwin Config Measurement Period.vi
		This VI sets the measurement period.
		The effective command mode is setup mode.
		The shortest measurement period that can be set differs
		depending on the A/D integration time and the filter on/off
		setting.
		See also: Command "XV".
	YKDarwin Config Integration Time.vi
		This VI sets the A/D integration time.
		The effective command mode is setup mode.
		See also: Command "XI".
	YKDarwin Config Filter.vi
		This VI sets the filter.
		The effective command mode is setup mode.
		See also: Command "XQ".
	YKDarwin Config Alarm Relate.vi
		This VI performs alarm-related settings.
		The effective command mode is setup mode.
		See also: Command "XA".
	YKDarwin Config Alarm ReFailure.vi
		This VI sets the re-alarm for a failure which recurs.
		The effective command mode is setup mode.
		See also: Command "XY".
	YKDarwin Config Relay AND OR.vi
		This VI sets AND/OR of the alarm output relay.
		The effective command mode is setup mode.
		See also: Command "XN".
	YKDarwin Config Energizing.vi
		This VI sets energizing or deenergizing.
		The effective command mode is setup mode.
		See also: Command "XD".
	YKDarwin Config Hold.vi
		This VI sets the hold/non-hold.
		The effective command mode is setup mode.
		See also: Command "XH".
	YKDarwin Config Burnout.vi
		This VI sets the burnout.
		The effective command mode is setup mode.
		See also: Command "XB".
	YKDarwin Config Compensation.vi
		This VI sets the selection of reference junction compensation.
		The effective command mode is setup mode.
		See also: Command "XJ".
	YKDarwin Calibration Modify.vi
		This VI performs A/D calibration of input module.
		This VI modifies the A/D calibration data.
		The effective command mode is calibration mode.
		See also: Command "XZ".
	YKDarwin Set Computation Expression.vi
		This VI sets the computational expression. If expression is
		empty, the computation channel is off.
		Span is omitted if the left value equals the right value.
		The effective command mode is operation mode.
		This command is effective only with optional computation
		functions or a floppy disk drive.
		See also: Command "SO".
	YKDarwin Set Computational Constant.vi
		This VI sets the computational constants.
		The effective command mode is operation mode.
		This command is effective only with optional computation
		functions.
		See also: Command "SK".
	YKDarwin Set Communication Input Data.vi
		This VI sets the communication input data.
		The effective command mode is operation mode.
		This command is effective only with optional computation
		functions.
		See also: Command "CM".

	[Action/Status Function]
	YKDarwin Get Status.vi
		This VI gets the status of the corresponding command will be
		output and returns Status Byte.
	YKDarwin Calibration Execute.vi
		This VI performs A/D calibration of input module.
		This VI executes calibration.
		The effective command mode is calibration mode.
		See also: Command "XZ".
	YKDarwin Control Executing Computation.vi
		This VI controls computation start/stop, restart of computed
		data after they are cleared, and release of statuses after
		completing measurement.
		The effective command mode is operation mode.
		This command is effective only with optional computation
		functions or a floppy disk drive.
		See also: Command "EX".
	YKDarwin Trigger.vi
		This VI creates a trigger.

	[Data Functions]
	YKDarwin Get System Config.vi
		This VI gets System Configuration Data.
	YKDarwin Get Unit Data.vi
		This VI gets Unit and Decimal Point Position Data between
		Start Channel and End Channel.
		The effective command mode is operation mode.
	YKDarwin Get Measurement Binary Data.vi
		This VI gets Measurement Data by binary code between Start
		Channel and End Channel.
		The effective command mode is operation mode.
	YKDarwin Get Measurement ASCII Data.vi
		This VI gets Measurement Data by ASCII code between Start
		Channel and End Channel.
		The effective command mode is operation mode.
	YKDarwin Get Operation Setting Data.vi
		This VI gets Setting Data on operation mode between Start
		Channel and End Channel.
		The effective command mode is operation mode.
	YKDarwin Get Setup Setting Data.vi
		This VI gets Setting Data on setup mode between Start
		Channel and End Channel.
		The effective command mode is setup mode.
	YKDarwin Get Calibration Data.vi
		This VI gets A/D Calibration Data between Start Channel and
		End Channel.
		The effective command mode is calibration mode.

	[Utility Functions]
	YKDarwin Setting Mode.vi
		This VI transfers the setting mode.
		After executing the command, the clock is initialized to
		96/01/01 00:00:00.
		See also: Command "DS".
	YKDarwin Reset.vi
		This VI resets the instrument. It initializes of set values,
		reconstructs the system, or clears the alarm buffer.
		The effective command mode is operation mode.
		After executing the command, the clock is initialized to
		96/01/01 00:00:00.
		See also: Command "RC","RS","AC".
	YKDarwin Send Message.vi
		This VI sends the message. Then it returns the response.
		If it takes an indefinite time to execute the command in the
		message, you set Receive ON.
	YKDarwin Error Response Check.vi
		This VI checks the message.
		If the message is "E1", there is an error. "Commands are not
		processed succesfully" is set to the error cluster.
	YKDarwin Receive ASCII Data.vi
		This VI gets the data by ASCII code.
		The receiving data is specified by Data Type.
		After executing Trigger(GET), be sure to output data using
		the command as talker, Sets the command to Send Message.
		See Data Function VIs.
	YKDarwin Revision Query.vi
		This VI queries the current instrument firmware revision and
		instrument driver revision.
		The instrument driver's revision is "REV 0.1 04/98, LV 4.0"
		The instrument firmware revision is not supported.
		YOKOGAWA DARWIN (Data Acquisition and Recording Windows)
		Data Acquisition
		Created By: Yokogawa Electric Corporation
		Release Data: April 1998
		Originally Developed in LabVIEW Version: 4.0.1/J
		Modification History: None
	YKDarwin Error Message.vi
		This VI contains all the instrument specific error codes and
		descriptions. Use this VI after executing several instrument
		driver VIs to recognize and display any errors that may have
		occurred.
	YKDarwin Error Query.vi
		This VI reads an error from the instrument. It expects to
		see errors in SCPI format(#,"error message"). If an error
		query is not supported, it returns a warning.
	YKDarwin Self-Test.vi
		This VI causes the instrument to perform a self-test and
		returns the results. A numeric indicates if the instrument
		passed all self-tests, and a string indicator contains the
		instrument's response. If a self test is not supported, the
		VI returns a warning code.
	YKDarwin Convert Measurement Binary Data.vi
		This VI converts Measurement Binary Data to the array of
		data parts, Channels, Alarm Status, Measured Datas.
	YKDarwin Convert Measurement ASCII Data.vi
		This VI converts Measurement ASCII Data to the array of data
		parts, Units, Channels, Alarm Status, Data.
	YKDarwin Convert Unit Data.vi
		This VI converts Unit and Decimal Point Position Data to
		the array of data parts, Channels, Units, DecimalPoints.
	YKDarwin Convert System Config Data.vi
		This VI converts System Configuration Data to the array of
		data parts, UnitNames, SlotDatas.
	YKDarwin Convert Slot Data.vi
		This VI converts SlotData that is a part of System
		Configuration Data to the array of data parts, Slot Numbers,
		Module Names.
	YKDarwin Convert Alarm Ststus.vi
		This VI converts Alarm Status that is a part of Measurement
		Data to each alarm levels.
	YKDarwin Make Channel List.vi
		This VI makes the available channel string list between user
		specified channels from System Configuration Data.
		The string of list is output by slot.
	YKDarwin Make Command List.vi
		This VI makes the command string list from Operation or
		Setup Setting Data.
		If Mode is Setup, the last command string establishes the
		contents of the setup mode setting.
	YKDarwin Integer with Decimal Point To Float.vi
		This VI converts Measurement Data that is a part of
		Measurement Binary Data and Decimal Point to a floating-point
		number.
	YKDarwin Convert Parts To Channel.vi
		This VI convrts unit, slot and channel number to Channel.
	YKDarwin Convert Channel To Parts.vi
		This VI converts Channel to unit, slot and channel number.
		If input channel string is unknown, the channel number
		returns 0.
	YKDarwin Count of Channel.vi
		This VI counts channels from start to end channel.
		If input channel string is unknown, the count returns -1.
	YKDarwin Divide Channel Range.vi
		This VI divides a channel string into the start and end
		channel.
		If input channel string is unknown, channels returns NULL.
		Example: 123-45 is divided into 123 and 145.
	YKDarwin Make Channel String List.vi
		This VI makes an array of channel strings. A channel string
		is the range of channels by unit.
		A range of channels is expressed as ABC-DE.
		Example: Start Channel is 123, End Channel is 456. Then
		it makes Channel String List, 123-60,201-60,301-60,401-56.

	[Close Functions]
	YKDarwin Close.vi
		This VI closes the I/O interface with the instrument.

	[Getting Started & Application Example]
	YKDarwin Getting Start.vi
		This VI is a sample program with YKDarwin Read Setting
		Data.vi.
		This example VI reads the setting data from YOKOGAWA DARWIN,
		then writes them to a file.
	YKDarwin App Example Read Setting Data.vi
		This VI is a sample program that read out the setting data
		from DARWIN, write them to a file.
	YKDarwin App Example Write Setting Data.vi
		This VI is a sample program that read out the setting data
		from the file, write them to DARWIN.
	YKDarwin App Example Measurement Data.vi
		This VI gets the measurement datas by ASCII or binary.
		When DecimalPoints is no array and the data is formated by
		binary, this VI gets the information from Unit and Decimal
		Point Position Data.

SEE ALSO
	Instruction Manual "Communication Interface"
	IM DA100-11E or IM DR231-11E
	http://www.yokogawa.co.jp/

NOTES
	After executing VIs on setup mode, the clock is initialized to
	96/01/01,00:00:00.

	This driver was created on LabVIEW 4.0.1/J, GATEWAY2000 P5-133,
	Windows95 Japanese Edition.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------	-
(c)1996-1998 Yokogawa Electric Corporation
